Split up graphic design guidelines and add more docs on custom pipeline logos (#2855)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/guidelines/graphic_design/logo.md

## Pipeline logos

### Default

The `nf-core pipelines create` command will generate a logo for your pipeline automatically.

You can manually re-generate different versions of the logo with `nf-core pipelines create-logo`, such as

```bash
nf-core pipelines create-logo --theme dark --format svg isawesome
```

You can also quickly generate a PNG logo this yourself by visiting [https://nf-co.re/logo/pipelinename](https://nf-co.re/logo/pipelinename), where `pipelinename` can be anything.

### Custom pipeline logos

Some developers may want to further add branding to their own pipelines by extending the default nf-core logo to include their own mark.

If any any point you want advice, feel free to ask on the nf-core slack under #graphics.

If you wish to do so, please use the following guidelines when creating your mark:

1. Complexity: Keep the mark simple, so easy to visualise
   - A good guidance of this is can the mark still be recognisable when in the form of an emoji (128x128)
2. Colouring: the number of colours should be kept to a minimum, typically following those in the nf-core logo colour scheme

> 3. Themes: you should generate both light (black font) and dark (white font) mode versions of the logo with mark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Themes: you should generate both light (black text) and dark (white text) mode versions of the logo with mark
```

> 4. Positioning: the mark can either go in the following places

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Positioning: the mark can go in on of the following places
```
